	 TYLER MITCHELL 
FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPERCONTACT

 317.426.0847
 tylermitchellisawesome@gmail.com
 [INSERT WEBSITE HERE]PROFILE

Hi, I’m Tyler. I create new things and connect you to solutions through automation.
In my work, I believe the best way to innovate is to combine ever-growing experiences with the best tools in the industry and to not shy away from the work. A crucial part of innovation is making sure any solution is sustainable in its implementation. I consider these factors as I forge new paths forward in the areas of quality control, software development, and process improvement.
I find myself gravitating towards industry research and game design in my spare time. I participate in Global Game Jam, among other game jams, throughout the year. I also enjoy plenty of board games, Magic: The Gathering, No Man’s Sky, and playing with my cat, Beatrice.
The tools I use are JavaScript, C#, HTML5, CSS, NodeJS, and Unity.SKILLS

? ANALYTICAL THINKER
? ADAPTABLE
? ORGANIZED
? DEPENDABLE
? SELF-MOTIVATED
? EFFICIENTINDUSTRY EXPERIENCE

Inventory Control Specialist
Pitney Bowes, June 2019-December 2019
* Generated optimal walking paths to fix unknowns with Excel
* Added and removed floor locations to improve warehouse workflow
* Performed cycle counts on Order Picker

Quality Auditor
UNFI, May 2017 – February 2019
* Built auditing software to automatically detect mis-picks and document additional quality errors such as product hanging over pallets and liquids stacked on their sides.
* Audited all outbound processes, including replenishment, picking, loading, and invoicing.

Freelance Software Developer
Self-Employed, May 2017- June 2018
* Created educational minigames in Unity3D and C# to aid in teaching AP Biology.
* Combined the concepts of personality theory and microeconomics to assist in creating a sociological simulation game to help students maximize social cohesion and economic productivity by using JavaScript (ES6), NodeJS, HTML, and CSS

ICQA Developer (Tier IV Associate)
Amazon, April 2016 – April 2017
Tier I Associate
March 2015 – April 2016
* Increased departmental efficiency with Excel through one-on-one education and workflow demonstrations
* Crafted new applications to streamline internal processes, including inventory storage, safety communications, and Excel report automation
Unity 3D / Android Developer
Vision Three Creative, LLC, March 2014 – October 2014
* Constructed the user interface of a custom Android application used to control an embedded medical device
* Updated and maintained applications for a large client base
* Originated demonstrations of AR and VR applications for clients
Freelance Software Developer
Self-Employed, May 2011 – July 2014
* Developed AI and pathfinding solutions for all game enemies in Dreamland Delivery using A* and B-Splines in C# for Puca Studios
* Produced educational Flash games for the Indianapolis Children’s MuseumEDUCATION

IUPUI
2008-2012
Computer Science
Completed 90 credit hours towards a B.S. degree, but left due to a family health emergency.




